+++
title = "Black Loop"
issues = ["October 2015"]
authors = ["Zhenya Frolov"]
issues_weight = 7
+++

and it has only been a few weeks. I don’t think I can really bear the weight of life with that. Fuck. A psychological quicksand- I don’t feel an urgency in anything. It’s not an incessant beating against my skull anymore, but the tugging is still there. I feel like a primadonna, writing like this. Veiled meanings, but to what end? Whatever. I’m not pleasing anyone, and I should drop my facade. But the need to steep myself in mystery is strong. Really dorky, though. Hah- it’s musings like these that keep me occupied during my day to day. The problem is that I get bored of these. Every time something distracts me, it loses it’s power in the future and I lose interest. I’m afraid that I’ll try to kill myself when I get sufficiently bored. Not afraid, actually- just… concerned? Also not right. The thing is, I see a negative aspect to that possible eventuality, but I don’t really feel that negativity internally. That doesn’t actually make a whole lot of sense. I do internalize the negativity of every day. I get so antsy all the time. I feel like nothing I do is quite meaningful. I complete tasks, of course, and said tasks are probably more productive than what the majority of others accomplish. However, I feel like it’s not enough to satisfy me- it’s never enough. Probably a result of not having any real hardships in my life. Maybe. I don’t know. I feel like I spend more and more time doubting and contradicting myself. It’s good to be able to change your mind, but it’s maddening when I feel compelled to analyze every thought I have endlessly. Feels like an endless debate where I’m arguing all sides of a topic. It’s not like I have conversations with myself, per se. I find it funny that I have a need to justify myself. “I’m not crazy! I don’t have voices in my head.” That’s what this reads like, though my urges are considered a madness in most circumstances. There’s no reason to die, but there’s not really a reason to live. I know that there are countless possibilities; countless things to do and explore. It’s just that I don’t really care. Everything is tarnished in some way. I don’t really get long-lasting satisfaction from doing anything. I don’t deny momentary joys in life. I don’t even assert that life is pain. Life is just… boredom. Seizing the day is illusory- the only meaning I can get from life is a meaning I assign. For better or for worse, I don’t assign anything to life. It’s a fleeting, meaningless thing. Self-destruction still carries a stigma, and I can’t help but have that imprinted on me, but the longer I exist, the less that stigma matters. There is an image of a black muck in my mind. A perfectly matte, impossibly dark mass of blackness. It feels liquid- heavy and encompassing. That’s what I see with my internal vision. A void that expands and weighs down. I’ve always felt it, but in the recent past I’ve allowed it to take form. I gave it a small shape, but it grew and grew. It’s somewhat life-changing. Boundless and crushing, it feels like it is ancient
