+++
title = "Checkhov's Gun"
issues = ["August 2016"]
authors = ["Auðunn Axel Ólafsson"]
issues_weight = 2
+++

"Chekhov, get your gun." "Why?" "We might need it." "Okay, for what?" "I don't know. In case something happens. Just get it." "Okay, I got it, see? It's here man." "Sweet. Bro, are you coming or what." "Damn, calm the fuck down. I'm just thinking." "Well stop fucko. So we can go already." "Okay, wow. Fucko?" "What?" "I don't know. Such a damn hurry all the time. Where are we even going?" "Fuck if I know." "Jesus Christ man, you want me to come could at least tell me where we going." "Dude, I just said, I don't know. Just come on." "Alright, alright."

"Bro you see that bird there?" "Yeah I see it." "What kinda bird you think it is?" "I don't know. Sparrow?" "No way that's a sparrow man. Look at it, it's way too colorful." "Oh. Can't it just be a colorful sparrow?" "There's no such thing as fucking colorful sparrow man." "What, yeah there is, dude." "Unless you mean, like, brown is a color? 'cause that's the only color." "You sure bro?" "I don't know. Pretty sure." "Well then it must be like, there's no way that's a parrot or anything." "Why not? Like a little cockatiel or something."

"Whatever. Have you ever thought about, like, calling Lauriel back?" "Yeah, of course. When it's time. Why?" "I don't know, it's like, isn't it time? It's been almost a week and ain't seen her." "She'll show up when I call her." "Yeah, but when's that?" "When it's time, alright?" "But it's fucking time already." "It's time when I say it is, Jesus, drop it already." "Alright I'm just asking." "Just asking, just asking." "Fuck off."

"Man, it's hot out." "Yeah, how about hit up that 7-11?" "Where?" "Like right up ahead, you blind?" "Oh I see it." "Anything else you need pointed out to you? Watch out for that dog, don't want to trip and break an arm." "I'd be more worried about the dog." "'I'd be more worried about the dog.'" "Dude." "'Dude.'" "Are you 12?" "'Are you 12?'" "God fucking damn it stop already alright? I'll fucking kill you." "'I'll fucking kill you.'" "That is it!" "What? Come on, man. Oh shit, 6 o'clock." "Huh? Oh damn, she is fine." "Uh huh."

"If you had only one choice, which would it be, vodka or rum?" "What you mean?" "Like if you could only have one of those for the rest of your life." "So like, you mean which do I like better? Rum." "Oh, alright." "What about you?" "I don't know. Vodka, I guess." "Yeah? Why's that?" "What? Bro, why do you like rum better?" "I asked you first, man." "I don't know, stick to your roots." "Your roots?" "Yeah man, like, that shit sustained us through wars and shit." "Really now?" "Forget it, vodka is great okay?" "Sure." "What's so great about rum then?" "I don't know. Like the taste." "The taste?" "Yeah, what's wrong with that?" "Nothing, I guess."

"You always get the same thing, man." "Of course, Monster has sustained us through all those hard times. Wars and shit." "Really? You really have to?" "I'm just joking, fuck, man. You take this too personally, man." "Alright." "It's just automatic, you know. It isn't a large selection here, is it?" "True. It's why I always get the same thing." "What, you always get that." "True." "You just love that shit." "True."

"Do you remember that commercial that went like 'la-dee-dee-da-da the graham is here'?" "The fuck? No, why?" "It's just stuck on my mind." "Fucking what is that? I don't remember that." "You know, the crackers?" "Yeah I know what graham crackers are. Never heard or seen that shit." "Really?" "Really, I mean, holy shit, you sure you're not losing your mind? That doesn't even sound like anything." "The fuck you mean? It was on all the time." "Well, I never heard it." "It had the dancing, you know, the cracker." "The dancing cracker, what the fuck is that?" "It was a stable of my childhood, man! I can't believe you don't remember it." "Oh wait, shit, yeah, the one in the suit, right?" "Yeah!" "Oh shit, yeah, oh that, 'la-dee-deeda-da the graham is here', goddamn I'm gonna have that bullshit stuck on my mind all day. Holy shit, I haven't even thought about that in fucking, since, I don't know." "5th grade." "Yeah?" "Yeah."
