+++
title = "Eschaton"
issues = ["November 2015"]
authors = ["Cosmo Fumo"]
issues_weight = 4
+++

Three men sat equidistant from one another on the edge of a semicircular table. In the center of the table there was a vertical metal pole. One of the men—the oldest—was nursing a halfempty beer. One of the two younger men awkwardly held a wad of dollar bills out on the table. He looked unsure of what to do with his hands. Loud music was playing but the men didn’t seem to notice.

A scantily clad young woman sauntered out from behind a curtain and onto the table. She grabbed the pole with one hand and began to circle it, moving in time with the music. The men’s eyes were drawn to her like moths to a flame. There was clear intention in her every motion; the sway of her hips, the placement of her hands, the flare of her nostrils. Each subtle gesture served to amplify the image forming in the minds of her audience. Slowly, she took off her shirt. The men watched anxiously as she teased the underside of her breasts. She spun around, revealing herself completely—an intoxicating cocktail of vulnerability and dominance. She had them completely entranced. The young man’s precious gift had slipped out of his hands and onto the table.

As the tempo of the music increased, so too did the vigour of the young woman’s actions. She now wore nothing but a tiny thong. She began to climb the pole—still spinning, still effortlessly sexual. As she traveled up and down the pole she was careful to reveal only the slightest glimpses of her inner thighs. She knew that as long as she only teased at the finale, the men would remain transfixed. She worked her way to the top of the pole, near the ceiling, and flipped herself over. The cold metal pole was nestled tightly in between her thigh and her stomach. She could rest in this position. To her audience, this was magic. She let her arms fall back to give them a full view of her breasts and stomach. The men were frozen.

She began to slide down the pole. She had done this a thousand times before. She would slide slowly, at first, with a gradual acceleration and a graceful, flirtatious landing to prepare for the finale of her dance. This time, however, was different. Her downward acceleration was not gradual. She gripped the pole harder to slow her descent but it didn’t matter; something was very wrong. She was moving fast. Far too fast. By the time she reached the center of the pole her downward velocity had increased to roughly 50 meters per second; nearly the speed of a Nascar and definitely fatal if she couldn’t slow herself down. Another thirty centimeters and she was moving 1000 meters per second; mach 3. Her head was beginning to form a conical overpressure wave as the air she collided with was compressed against her skull. After another twenty centimeters she had reached a speed of 10 kilometers per second. The pole along which she was sliding began to liquefy under the inertial stress of her acceleration.

The young woman had now slid two-thirds of the way down the pole. At this point her body was traveling roughly 100 kilometers per second; six times faster than the fastest object created by humanity—Voyager 1. After another sixty centimeters she was nearing the bottom of the pole at a velocity of roughly 0.1c. Another twenty centimeters and her velocity had increased to 0.3c. She was now colliding with molecules in the air hard enough to fuse with them. There was a bright light forming around her. Ten more centimeters. 0.6c. She was now 25 heavier than she had been at the top of the pole. The light forming around her had transformed into the early stages of a full-blown fusion reaction. Five centimeters. 0.8c. Four more centimeters. 0.99c. She was seven times heavier. The fusion reaction had begun to spread from her to her audience. 0.1 centimeters. 0.9999c. Her mass had increased 70-fold. At the moment she reached the bottom of the pole, her velocity matched that of light. Her mass increased infinitely. She plunged through the planet and left a trail of fusion explosions in her wake. The earth was torn apart.
