+++
title = "FC-24085"
issues = ["December 2015"]
authors = ["Cosmo Fumo"]
issues_weight = 7
+++

A long, bulky spacecraft idled a few thousand kilometers above the Earth’s north pole. The craft’s only two crew members sat lazily in the cockpit, watching the spinning planet below them. Wren, the senior crewman, was explaining to her understudy, Kai, why acting bore such a crucial role in the upcoming event.

“…Yeah, it’s very improvisational. Because you can’t really predict how they’ll react, you know? And, as it turns out, if your presentation doesn’t align with what they expect to happen they just won’t believe you at all.”

“So why doesn’t the government just send one of those big cargo ships to black out the sky as like a ‘show of force?’” Kai waved a few of her hands in the air to underscore the silliness of her own suggestion. “You’d think that would be enough to convince any species of the existence of…” She thought for a moment to remember the word she was looking for. “…extraplanetary life?”

“Well, first contact is a very delicate time,” answered Wren. “They tried that approach thirty cycles ago but it created a weird power dynamic and ended up causing some issues with racism. So that’s why they send actors now. They did a big cross-sectional study on the effectiveness of different interplanetary relations techniques and decided that the most reliable way is to just… conform to the species’ expectations.”

“And so we have to act like aliens?”

“Pretty much. Just about every species expects to meet pan-dimensional incomprehensible beings because they haven’t yet learned that those types of dudes don’t even care to make contact. Luckily this isn’t one of those jobs where we have to talk them down from sending nuclear-equipped drones out in every direction. Some of them try that occasionally. Oh, it looks like we’re up in a few ticks. Time to power up that useless radiation emitter!” Grinning, Wren leaned back and poked a button on the pilot’s console with her boot. The cockpit shuddered slightly and a red warning light in the corner started flashing.

“I don’t know, these humans seem sorta… boring.”

Wren clicked her mandibles somewhat provocatively. “Partying with them is part of the job too, you know. You’ll see. First Contact parties are fucking crazy. But first, work. We’re going to have to put the ship in a spin to maintain the illusion of artificial gravity. You should have one of these motion sickness pills.”

Kai was starting to get a little nervous. “I know this is improv but is there a certain kind of character I should try to emulate?”

Wren punched some commands into the pilot’s console and the ship’s maneuvering thrusters shuddered to life. “I’ll do most of the talking. Put that cape on and act like you know everything about them. That’s about it. Oh and pretend to misunderstand the concept of gender. That usually adds a lot.”

Kai snorted. “This has been a pretty fun trip so far, Wren. Thanks for bringing me on.”

“Aw, no problem kid. You ready?”

“Yeah, sure.”

Wren flipped a switch over her head and tapped the TRANSMIT button on the console in front of her. “Representatives of the United Nations of Earth,” she began. “I am the Ambassador of the Interplanetary Republic of Space. I come in peace.”

“Interplanetary Republic of Space?” Kai asked quizzically, trying not to laugh outright.

“It doesn’t fucking matter,” said Wren, grinning. The radio crackled back to life. “Extraterrestrial being. We have detected energy buildup on your vessel. Disable your weapons immediately or we will be forced to retaliate.”

Wren kicked the radiation machine’s power button again, this time sending the machine into overdrive. She reached under the console and switched on a smoke machine. “Yeah, this will be easy. Let’s mess with them a bit first.”
