+++
title = "FC-24085-P"
issues = ["February 2016"]
authors = ["Cosmo Fumo"]
issues_weight = 41
+++

Sarah Miller, a technician on the Allen Telescope Array in California and a respected member of SETI, was very drunk. She couldn’t remember the exact sequence of events that had gotten her and the two delegates from the Interplanetary Republic of Space into this bathroom stall, but she wasn’t about to kill the vibe by trying to piece together that nonsense. Ambassador Wren leaned in close to her face and opened her mandibles. Some soft fleshy bits inside the alien’s mouth began to caress Sarah’s lips; it was at once alarming and arousing. Fumbling, she tried to return the favor. She vaguely recalled arriving at the first-contact celebration and not really knowing anybody. And she definitely remembered pounding a few glasses of champagne to drown out her anxiety over having to meet an extraterrestrial being.

Wren’s hands had moved from her face down to her stomach and were beginning to unbutton her jeans.

At some point during the night Sarah had noticed the ambassadors making their rounds and couldn’t help but feel a little aroused by their effortlessly casual demeanor in the presence of so many stuffy scientists and political figures. She tried to split her attention between the two ambassadors to ensure them that she wasn’t playing favorites. The other alien, Ambassador Kai, was beginning to stimulate Sarah and Wren at the same time; one pair of arms unzipping Wren’s flight suit and another snaking under Sarah’s shirt to gently squeeze her breasts. Sarah remembered drunkenly walking up to the aliens, introducing herself as the “coolest person in here”, and sheepishly mentioning that she thought they were attractive.

Wren lightly pushed Sarah against the stall door and knelt, pulling Sarah’s pants down around her ankles. Obviously these aliens had researched human anatomy. Sarah wasn’t too sure about what had happened after she flirted with the aliens but she remembered them speaking to each other briefly in an unfamiliar language. Kai had now devoted all of her arms to embracing Sarah and was kissing her passionately. Again she did her best to reciprocate. Now Wren was pulling her underwear down. Sarah was pretty sure the ambassadors had followed her into the bathroom and then...

Wren recoiled suddenly. “Is this amount of hair normal for some human females?” she asked.

Sarah, feeling a little smothered, gently pushed some of Kai’s arms off of her. “Uhm, yes? You know, I’m starting to wonder if this whole thing is a good, uhm, idea...”

Wren looked up from Sarah’s pubic hair and met her gaze. “What? But this is just getting hot!” She clicked her mandibles and finished pulling down Sarah’s underwear. “At least let me try touching your cli-”

“UHM...” Sarah said, interrupting her extraterrestrial confidant. Before she could complete her distraction one of Kai’s arms brandished a small vial from a flight suit pocket.

“Here, maybe this will take the edge off.”

“What... is in that?” Sarah asked, unsure of whether she really wanted to hear the answer.

“The scientist who gave it to me called it ‘co-caine’. Did I pronounce that correctly?”

“Someone gave you coke!?”

Kai made a wry grin. “Oh! So it is a narcotic. Perfect.”

Sarah watched in fascination as each of the alien ambassadors inhaled some of their cocaine. She thought for a moment about how she might regret what she was about to do. Then she thought about how she could be the first human to fuck an alien. She smiled and took off her shirt.

“Okay, what should I lick?”
