+++
title = "Hilarious"
issues = ["May 2016"]
authors = ["Auðunn Axel Ólafsson"]
issues_weight = 14
+++

I'll	keep	this	one	short.	It's	not	actually	possible	to	travel	back	in	time,	you	know.	And	why	me?	Your	stunt,	while	unnecessarily	expensive,	like	are	you	made	of	money	or	what,	isn't	ging	to	convince	me	or	anything.	Anyway,	you	told	me	not	to	tell	you	this,	but	that	I	would	anyway.	Ok.	Reverse	psychology	or	what?	OBVIOUSLY	I'd	tell	you	about	this	FUCKED	UP	NEVERENDING	stunt.	And	why	come	all	the	way	out	here	just	to	do	this?	You	have	a	pretty	fucked	sense	of	humor.	And	way	more	money	than	I	thought	possible,	considering	your,	you	know..	considering	everything.	If	this	weren't	so	fucking	horrible	of	you,	I'd	probably	leave	it.	Like,	oh	ok,	just	a	gun.	A	fucking	gun?	You	come	to	Iceland,	hand	me	a	gun	and	just	leave?	Like,	not	even	a	word?	First	of	all,	I	have	not	once	held	a	gun.	I	will	never	in	a	million	years	own	a	single	gun.	Stop	mailing	me	new	guns.	I	gave	them	to	the	police.	Smartest	idea	I've	ever	had	do	you	have	any	idea	how	hard	it	was	to	explain?	That's	almost	a	month	in	custody	because	of	you.	I	lost	3	clients	because	of	you.	So	thanks	for	that!	good	job!	Like	maybe	I	could]ve	handled	the	questions	better.	I	dont	know	I'm	not	even	sure	they're	convinced	yet	that	its	just	some	weirdass	joke.	Im	just	glad	they	understood	somehow.	Considering	I'm	still	receiving	them	I	imagine	little	is	being	done	about	it	tho.	I	can't	even	get	a	hold	of	you.	Like	nobody	even	answer	one	damn	question,	like	you're	all	in	on	the	masterfully	executed	joke.	SO	FUNNY.	Lets	give	Auddi	new	guns	every	week.	hAHA!	I'm	completely	at	a	loss	here,	which	is	why	I	have	taken	to	writing	you	by	the	only	medium	I'm	certain	you	still	read.	I	am	pleading	with	you	to	stop	this	now.	It	could	have	been	a	little	funny	if	it	wasn't	so	insanely	dangerous.	My	first	thought	when	you	handed	that	package	was	a	game	or	something,	not	a	fucking	gun	with	some	contrived	story	about	how	I'll	kill	you.	My	cousin	was	with	me	when	I	opened	the	first	package.	Do	you	understand	how	much	danger	you	put	us	in	springing	this	on	me	without	even	a	warning?	And	what	the	fuck	kind	of	note???How	would	I	even	be	capable	of	killing	you	with	guns	YOU	keep	giving	me?	Even	if	I	wanted	to,	there's	not	a	chance	in	hell	I	would,	you	ass.	I	should've	kept	that	note	Tachyon	dieoff	Stupidest	reason	ever	AND	LIKE,	HOW?	Let's	just	for	a	moment	assume	you're	not	just	having	hilllllllarrrrious	fun	at	my	expense.	I	can't	exactly	hop	on	my	private	plane	and	bust	a	cap	in	your	cali	ass	before	that	dumb	as	balls	field-within-field	whatever	it	was.	tachyons	aren't	even	a	thing	moron.	This	isn't	even	a	little	funny.	It's	just	weird.	not "oh	haha	that's so you." ITS JUST WEIRD AS SHIT. I swear to god I had no idea you were this insane
