+++
title = "Mr. Rupert Robot"
issues = ["March 2016"]
authors = ["Zhenya Frolov"]
issues_weight = 9
+++

Rupert Robot was a regular hacker and he had vengeance to fulfill. Namely, he needed to complete the job that was assigned to him in the computer factory where he worked for a long time. Before computer factory, he worked at other computer store, but that closed years ago. He was there when it was still open. Rupert talked to his sister Gwendolyn and they made an agreement to meet for lunch. Gwendolyn worked for another computer store. IBM. That was her computer store. Rupert only worked for a smaller chain of factories. They had lunch at food place nearby; only ten minutes away. For Rupert. Gwen (Gwendolyn, but faster to write) worked right next to food place at her Computer Store position. They had Roast Turkey Rye Bread Sandwich Provolone Beef Supreme. They also had a Chili Con Carne Con Queso Y Chile Con Abuelita Carne Con Queso. That was their solid food intake in food store. They also had Drink. Drink came in medium cups but they ordered small. It was a SMALL victory for week for dear ol’ Rupert Robot. He was a young man. Only 20 years old and already a high ranking hacking officer at Computer Factory. Gwen (Gwendolyn, but faster to write) is a hacker supreme as well, but less young as Rupert. She is 21. She started drinking Gin and Tonic with Bubble-Water.

She raised Chili Con Carne Con Queso Y Chile Con Abuelita Carne Con Queso to her moist lips. This was to be a good bite- satisfying and irregular. Not perfect, like Rupert’s bite. Rupert, young child whom Parents doted over. The baby boy who got braces anytime he wanted. His smile was perfect and his bite was straight. Gwen’s (Gwendolyn’s, but faster to write) bite was crooked like horribly old cemetery where Parents’ Parents were buried in Transylvania. Crooked were their tombs and gravestones, so tarnished by weather and atmosphere of dark, Eastern European hellhole. Gwen (Gwendolyn, but faster to write) had never been to Transylvania, but Rupert rode to fabled land for a business trip when he had to hack an install of Windows back to health. The problem was that user in Evil Transylvania, awful slimepit, last ancient gehena of Europe, deleted System32 folder when his son, Erik, played a joke.

Rupert deftly inserted DVD +R into laser disk drive of Pentium III-based computer. The whirring of gears startled a murder of crows. They flew in pestilent night air of Wretched and Grey Transylvania, Tumor of Raped Mother Earth. Deftly clicking through windows that opened when computer booted off of DVD ROM after deftly pressing F10 on cracking keyboard, Mr Rupert Robot deftly pressed left click on button marked with English Runes “Finish” with finality.

Danger averted. Gwen (Gwendolyn, but faster to write) thought of this memory dreamily. Her wetness was spreading from her groin to her thighs. She would have to change her pad shortly. It was sweet of her brother to take work trip to Place That Shan’t Be Named Any Longer. The old man was grateful and could enter values into his spreadsheets without meddling of his howling son, Erik.

Mr Rupert Robot smirked while Gwen (Gwendolyn, but faster to write) thought of memory dreamily. He checked out waitress that was bending over, sexy-like, to his left. He reached out and almost grabbed her by her hips, but he was held back by his social phobia. If only he could get over his Autism- his wanton sexual advances would be unstoppable. He pantomimed jamming his fist into waitress’s holes while onlookers admired his brazen courage. The waitress turned around, hands and feet still planted firmly on ground- her gravid frame swaying with movement. “Can I help you, sir?”

“I am Mr Rupert Robot. I freeze at this social situation,” he replied while smirking. He froze at this social situation.

“Gwen (Gwendolyn, but faster to write) spoke up, ‘I am his sister and more self-assured person in this family’s generation. I am socialite while my brother, Mr Rupert Robot is awkward teenager-man. He wants a lemonade, his favorite drink from old times.’” Gwendolyn said. Mr Rupert Robot would never admit it, but lemonade was his least favorite drink in world. He only liked it in old times because it brought such joy to Gwen (Gwendolyn, but faster to write) to know what drink Mr Rupert Robot liked.

Lunch continued. The waitress clopped away to get aged lemonade. Mr Rupert Robot sneered at his iPhone cellphone. A call from his Boss Jerry. Mr Rupert Robot loved Jerry Boss but he also was afraid of older gentleman. Afraid of fatherly love Jerry showed Rupert. Mr Rupert Robot had a bad relationship with his father, both real one and one he pretended to be when he was doing extra hacking, but that’s the boring, stupid part of story. Doesn’t make sense. Just make a coherent normal story about a guy who loves computers and his sister. And whatever about whole incest thing. Game of Thrones did that well. Plenty of sister doinking in THAT show, so what’s big deal, Gwen (Gwendolyn, but faster to write). Just do what feels good. Follow your feelings, as they say. If Mr Rupert “Robert” Robot is so inclined, maybe a little brosis mitosis would do his social anxiety good? Nothing puts steel in a man quite like a little draining of skin flute.

They said their goodbyes to each other. Time to hit the pavement with boots, as THEY say. Who ARE they. That’s what Mr Rupert Robot thinks about. He’s the type of command line geek that has his theories, but don’t they all? The vim warriors, emacs emperors. They all have their theories. Who controls world? The Bilderbergers? That’s what it looks like. It’s clear when you watch news and read papers. But if you read wrong papers, you’ll get wrong theories. Whisper your secrets to the deaf. That’s only way to be transparent in otherwise- opaque world. Like Blade Runner.
