+++
title = "Ned Head Hobbs' Christmas Story"
issues = ["December 2016"]
authors = ["Tanushree Verma"]
issues_weight = 3
+++

Ned Head Hobbs was absolutely ecstatic. What a magical, marvelous story he had just heard! This was his favorite part of pirating, aside from the plundering and pillaging which he always got quite a thrill from.  If the threat of the gallows was extinguished, he might have settled down in that last town he had found. What a paradise! He had never seen anything like it in his many years of sailing the seas. As soon as the crew had stepped off of the ship Hobbs knew that this encounter would change his life forever. The dock, the town, the bars even, were sparkling with snow like he’d never seen before. Aboard ship, snow was rare, he didn’t know it could even look like that; so beautiful and pure and all-encompassing. What’s more, candles were shining through every window and every building, lights that wouldn’t burn the wood but just gave everything a very cozy and soft family like feeling he couldn’t explain. In the center of the town was the most incredible sight of all, it was a tree.  This tree looked nothing like the trees he had seen exploring the 20-40 degree latitudes, this tree was covered with the decorations of color and the most magnificent angel at the very top. There was a music in the air that prompted a warmth in him that not even a stiff drink of rum could give. This was just a supply stop, but Ned, not wanting to steal from these wonderful people, skipped the pillage and crept into the nearest bar to find a drink and someone who would explain the uniqueness of the town, something he later learned was called Christmas.

Christmas was coming soon! That man had told him that it was just in a few days. Ned tried and tried to get the “townfolk rubbish” out of his head and man his post properly, yet day after day night after night Ned was losing focus, as well as sleep. Santa Claus could visit him on his ship! Why not? Ned had been good, he never got into fights with his crewmen and always did what the captain said. He believed that Santa would come, the townsfolk seemed to think that this was enough. One day, the air was unusually chilly, the frost had a bit more bite, and Neds’ knees were knocking. Yes because of the cold, but also because he could feel it in his bones that this was the day, Christmas Eve. Ned was always one to keep to himself so no one on the ship noticed when he retired to his barracks early. Grinning uncontrollably, Ned lit the candle by his bunk, hung one of his wet socks off the end of the bed, and snuggled under his covers; almost too giddy to sleep. Then he remembered that Santa loves milk and cookies. Ned was distraught, where was he going to find these things!? Santa would never come if Ned didn’t give him anything in return. Frantically he looked under his bed where he found a half empty bottle of rum and a few hardtack sea biscuits. ‘He won’t mind…” Ned thought to himself. And he put a glass of rum and the biscuits out for his jolly visitor. He finished the rest of the bottle and was out like a light.

A few hours later, Ned was awoken by jingling noises, quiet at first, but then they grew stronger and stronger. ‘It’s HIM!’ He thought excitedly. The jingling was unmistakable! Then suddenly the sky outside the porthole lit up in all different colors, similar to gunfire and cannon fire but Ned knew that Santa had none of these things in his arsenal. Unable to contain himself, he peeked out of the window and saw movement below. Moving creatures with antlers that glistened in the blasting red lights. Reindeer! Then it hit him, he was supposed to be asleep when Santa came, the man at the bar was very specific about this rule.  Quickly he jumped back into bed and pulled the covers over his head.

The door creaked open, Ned giggled with anticipation. He snuck just one look over the top of his blanket and saw a man in a big red coat with white hair and a beard, a bright pink nose and a hat with the same antlers as the reindeer he had seen earlier. The man rummaged clumsily around the room, found the rum which he proceeded to drink, and knocked the crackers to the floor. Ned, pretending to be asleep, was waiting for him to leave so he could unwrap his gifts he so deserved. Unable to wait any longer he looked out to see the man’s shadow reaching for something from his bag. Again Ned covered his head. The giant Nordic man in the red coat noticed the lump on the bed, he didn’t want anything getting in the way of this raid. He reached into his bag, pulled out his sword and stabbed poor Ned to death. In the spirit of the season, Ned’s body was thrown to the sea in sheets stained bright red.
