+++
title = "Orbit"
issues = ["February 2016"]
authors = ["Auðunn Axel Ólafsson"]
issues_weight = 26
+++

Rachel floated in orbit above the Earth keenly aware of her predicament. Her powers, though great, did not afford her any breath outside standard atmosphere. One extra thrust and she would be happy with her work on the beautiful blue planet. But she had to make it count. A poorly timed thrust, such as at apogee, would only crater the region that comprised of most of the Qinghai province of China. Coming too close to perigee and Rachel would miss the Continental United States before having to complete the orbit yet again. She really wanted them to be the first to feel the brunt of her power. Absolute domination over the most dominant nation state in history just made her feel so.. glorious? No. Dominant? Redundant. Horny? Yeah, that's it.

She bit her lip and moved her hand slowly down her slender frame and under her strap-on to lightly touch her throbbing clit. She quivered and gave a completely inaudible whimper, as she was in space. You see, due to the fact that the pressure drops considerably at higher altitudes, reaching a mere 0.032 Pascals at 100 kilometers, the largely agreed-upon "boundary" of space (though what really is a "boundary" in this regard? To define the boundary based on the aerodynamic lift of vehicles is just the sort of arbitrary mucking about we have been trying to get away from ever since scientific inquiry achieved any amount of formality), although Rachel was many miles beyond the boundary while she looked down at Earth and contemplated its imminent destruction at her hands, while she used her hands to stroke her cleft and tease her sweet mounds, with the atmospheric pressure around her immense body only at 4.98×10-5 Pa, no sound could carry as there was no medium to carry it in the imperfect vacuum of space.

Looking up, down on Earth, one felt like they could hear every sound; her heart beating, the hand slicking the flowing juices of her damp sex, her right hand swiftly brushing through her dark hair. Her immense size gave the illusion of her being much closer. It was a peculiar sight, a beautiful woman in her twenties masturbating in the sky, the very tip of her strap-on beginning to glow from atmospheric drag. A small flash lit, jiggling the dildo a little from side to side as it hung above. It was the detonation of one of the last thermonuclear devices left. The vibration from it drove Rachel close to the edge. She looked down, eyeing Greenland. She was close. She was also very close. Barely able to contain herself she began to thrust, sending the dildo into the ground, embedding the largest canyon in the world into Ontario. The miniscule vibrations were ever so fantastically stimulating. Her target was so close.

On the corner of the North-Eastern corner of Colorado, Southern Nebraska and Northern Kansas, Rachel thrust down while holding the Earth from the other side, her hands in the Arabian Sea and Bay of Bengal. She gyrated Earth to oblivion while she thought about her last hookup. Her orgasm ebbed and flowed at ecstatic intensity for minutes before she came to. "That was totally killer," she murmured in the center of the debris and scattered atmosphere before she drifted off to a billion year long nap.
