+++
title = "She Farted Softly"
issues = ["June 2017"]
authors = ["Ada Scarborough"]
issues_weight = 2
+++

This is a romance tale and like any good coming of age story, it has a lot of action and a killer soundtrack. (Song playing: *Like A Virgin* By Madonna) “*I made it thru the wilderness somehow i made it thru-uh-hoooooooooooo….*”:

Ada, born in the feral age of 1986, was raised by stoners, a handful of odd tenants that occupied her house, some cats and a Collie. While roaming the backyard of a house in Austin, TX she once survived on carpenter ants, dog food, and a leaf. Her hair was matted, she had fierce buckteeth, and an overbite… (*she still has an overbite despite later incurring the wrath of a futile surplus of orthodontic torture devices*) she wore bike shorts and over-sized t-shirts that read, “Expect Nothing” or “Vampire Lesbians of Sodom”; the pinnacle of fashion.

She learned to speak at the impressive age of 7 and later founded a small enterprise in her 3rd grade elementary school class, offering to injest different kinds of glue and various small objects (mainly office supplies) in exchange for her classmates' lunch money. It was clear from an early age she was suited for magician work and entertainment. She probably would have made a bad ass Houdini….let’s be fucking real, she IS a bad ass Houdini.

She forged her identity watching copious amounts of cable television and went on to become a video store clerk who wowed audiences at her counter with an immaculate impression of *Paradise By The Dashboard Light* (*lemme sleep on’it, babybaby lemme sleeep On’it, I’ll give yo’an ansahh in the moanin’!)* while shotgunning beers as well as an encyclopedic knowledge of television series and film. Her one piece camel-toe lady hailed a must see, as well as her fat man with sash. (Meatloaf people. Meatloaf.)

Yet to her chagrin, her incredible talents did not incur financial reward from the counter-tops of Vulcan Video. For the next decade, she was forced to seek employment in the service industry; a feudalist, servile and oppressive system. Fired repeatedly by multiple establishments jealous of her powers and undeserving of her talents, she dabbled in such fields as hairdressing, carpentry and pilates. So few people in history have mastered the craft of making the work environment a better place as our fine protagonist and while she should have anointed manager in all fields listed, her destiny of professional leadership was often thwarted. She deliberated however and with the help of David Lee Roth, her spirit guide, she stayed rad and never sold out to corporate oppression or the threat of a ‘real job’. (*‘**Runnin with the Devilllllll….aaaaowwwow**…. By Van Halen comes in*)

Tired and weary from the relentless struggle of service industry work and various trade skills, Ada quit her menial jobs and began the rigorous work of pet detecting. (*One Way or Another **by Blondie comes in…*) It was her quest to unite lost Chihuahuas, Parrots and Cats with their families while raking in a grand a pop. It was challenging, blood curdling work. It required ingesting copious amounts of hallucinogenic materials, forging a spiritual connection with the crow population of her neighborhood while utilizing their talents as rogue spies, breaking and entering into pet thieves homes, shoot outs with aggressive forces, contracts with the mafia, money laundering, the occasional shake down from federal authorities, sometimes having to scrape remains of pets who didn’t make it in the streets and delivering their bodies to their loved ones for proper burial, the opportunity to reunite animals with their millionaires... needless to say, she began a lucrative business. She had many adventures and brushes with death but her efforts were noble and fate smiled upon her. Finally, her business peaked and the Mafia, threatened by her success, decided to take her down. She caught wind of their murder plans from the tree spirits and decided to leave her business behind. She had pursued the American Dream and won, so it seemed for a time, but she realized capitalistic pursuits were beneath her. She went to the streets to live a humble and ascetic existence as a street musician.

One day while busking in the parking lot of Canter’s in West Hollywood, singing with her immaculate voice, and playing her washboard (*Wango Tango** by Ted Nugent*), a famous guitarist strolling the parking lot offered to make a record with her. She knew her time had come. She wrote 10 songs and recorded an album. Upon release people were amazed and rock legends like Patti Smith, that chick from Glass Candy, Suzi Quatro, Richard Hell, and Keith Richards invited her to their houses to write poetry and jam. David Lee Roth came to her in human form (this time) and offered to be her sensei. Together they practiced martial arts in his dojo, went joy riding around Malibu in a jeep while doing car stunts, got into extreme sports, and manifested world peace. Shit got real.

Then this guy Joshua who the narrator forgot to mention until now, realized how desireable, talented, amazing, awesome, and special Ada is. He decided to dedicate more time to having her sleep in his comfortable bed (memory foam!!), bringing her Thai take out, and fulfilling all of her sexual needs (yeah!!).

Satisfied by her new found happiness, she lived to be 104 and continued to make lots of rock n’ roll albums, art films... with stunts, she got to have her own pets for once (a pitbull named Ralph and monkey named Desdemona), and she got a Jacuzzi tub. On the night of her death, she ascended to the heights of enlightenment (like she had a million times before(duh)) and as she took her last breath...she farted softly.
