+++
title = "The First Manned Teleportation"
issues = ["December 2015"]
authors = ["Auðunn Axel Ólafsson"]
issues_weight = 16
+++

Teleportation is very simple. Not obvious, not in plain sight and not something you simply stumble upon. Fyodor Krinal discovered it by meticulously following the scientific principle and conducting a ridiculous amount of experiments. The work had brought him near to death on many occasions. But that was during the early days, when unfortunate blunders would make it all the way down to the floor and a failure would leave him covered in metaradiation, knocked unconscious by an uncontained field or momentarily dematerialized. On one occasion the Earth had drifted so far before he rematerialized that he sustained paralyzing injuries in a 35-foot fall.

But before the science had a chance to kill him, he managed to show a working copy of the device to a single onlooker whose curiosity was roused by an ad placed in the Las Vegas Tribune: "OPEN HOUSE! Fyodor Krinal invites all interested parties to observe the demonstration of the first manned telpeort [sic] in history!" followed by an address. It did not contain a date, and appeared on the 1st of April. A few people who knew his reputation did wonder, and went to ask Mr. Krinal about it. But as they were unsuccessful in getting a hold of him, they collectively decided it was an April fools joke by one of his neighbors. Further clarifying collectively that it was not a joke by the man himself, since "the man's funny, but he ain't funny funny," as one remarked.

Only one persistent Natalie Clare, a journalist, saw the demonstration. It was the 7th. Rain came down in torrents, flood warnings had been issued in the county. The perfect day for our Theo to show his invention to the general public, who surely will be amazed. Theo emerged from the basement in which he had spent the past week straight. Before the incline elevator was at its destination he heard a knock and a: "Hello?" which pleased him greatly. "Ah, yes! The public is ready," he said aloud as he scooted out of the elevator.

"Hello? Mr. Krinal?" Natalie knocked again. A buzz crescendoed until its interruption by a thud on the door. A jingle of a chain, the click of a bolt lock, a jingle of another chain, a jingle of yet another chain. A slight pause, the gurgle of water falling off the gutters of the veranda the only sound. Following a groan, the door handle creaked. The door slowly opened and from behind it emerged Krinal. "Welcome!" he ejaculated.

"Hi, I'm here for the open house?" Natalie stated her query. "Wonderful!" he ejaculated and motioning her inside joyfully told her to, "Come in, come in, давай, давай!"

Inside the foyer was the elevator, behind hazard tape on bare concrete. Behind the elevator some more hazard tape. This time on the walls, demarcating the gap into the slope down to the research lab. To the left a dining room could be seen and opposite, probably a library or something.

Theo looked at Natalie and then behind her and then at her again and then behind her again. "Where is everybody?" he asked accusingly. "I don't know, I just arrived. I didn't think you'd even be home this time either," Natalie answered innocently. "Understood. The public, in its impatience, a constant force and cause of all our Strife, has decided this is but another fleeting moment, some easily discarded fluff and left to see a spectacle to entertain itself momentarily." Theo drew a deep breath vexed, exclaimed, "Very well!" and scooted to the elevator. "You shall have the honor then! The greatest invention must have a witness!"

Theo looked at Natalie and motioned for her to come. She hesitated, worried about sharing an elevator ride with the insane researcher to his covered testing facility. "I am so glad Ann requires an address on our absence sheets," she thought to herself and joined him on the platform. Theo smiled at her, pressed a button pointing down and then stared in front of him, seething with rage at the world for not understanding the immense importance of his work and the transformation it will bring for all those who will ever live. They didn't understand anything, they never understand. They just don't get it. If they would only come and take one look! блять! Focus.

Natalie stared at Theo. His expression turned from a grimace to a blank one, resembling a thousand-yard stare. The elevator had been stopped for a while. A small blue light flashed the words, "Arrived," and politely chirped. He suddenly came alive, "Shall we?" "Lead the way," she answered, "and I'll just keep an eye out," she thought to herself.

The ceiling was high, cables of all varieties criss-crossed the entire floor. Robotic canines whirred up to them, holding various instruments. "DARPA?" "The dogs? Not at all. Big Dog inspired." "So you're not DARPA?" "Nobody is DARPA." "What does that mean?" "Дура, I'm not DARPA, alright?" Frustration replaced Natalie's worry. "I didn't suggest you were." Theo stopped short. "I'm sorry miss.." "Clare. Natalie Clare." "Miss Clare. I have just had such trouble with them." "Trouble?" "Yes, they won't fund any of my research, can you believe it?" She could, but said otherwise. They moved on, passing strange equipment, robots, gadgets and a handful of screwdrivers on the way to two large thick metallic hula hoops in the corner of the expansive laboratory.

"Impressive," Natalie said. "Oh," Theo sighed. "Yes. I'm sorry, I tried to get it into a more compact form but this will have to do for now. I've exhausted all my funds for this дурак project. Now watch," Theo said as he took a remote out of his pocket and pressed the power button. The two hoops smashed together with a crash, sparks flying, and were torn apart again. "Now walk through," Theo told a hesitant Natalie. She walked into one of the hoops and emerged out of the other one. It was pretty amazing, actually.
