+++
title = "The Indiscernible Boy, Part 2"
issues = ["August 2017"]
authors = ["Marcie Phillips"]
issues_weight = 2
+++

Part of creating my bubble of familiarity was a strict adherence to routine. Every morning, upon opening my eyes, I would stare out at the distant mountain range. A particular peak, not even the tallest, always seemed to demand my gaze; so much so that I began dreaming about it nightly. It was always a smokey, sepia-colored dream that felt more like a memory. It gave the impression there was something old there, something that had always been there, but not visible to others, or perhaps it was visible but often overlooked or simply *unable* to be remembered. These dreams simultaneously left me with a confused sadness and an urgent curiosity. I often fantasized about climbing that peak, but never entertained it long. *I’m not even brave enough to try new toothpaste; why do I think I can climb a mountain? *So, it remained safely tucked inside my overflowing mental drawer of ‘things I would do if I weren’t a scared piece of shit.’ When I finally sat up, Haverse, who is normally asleep near my bed, wasn’t around. I wasn’t concerned; occasionally he arrived home late after a particularly extensive nocturnal jaunt. So, I went through the rest of my morning ritual and after breakfast went over to the boy’s treehouse. But when I entered it was cold and had obviously been empty for several hours. Never in my time of knowing him had the boy been away from the tree house at this time, so his absence now was disquieting. Without knowing why, I checked the wall where the newest tampon should be; it was missing. Somehow I knew what he had been waiting for had finally happened. I looked around for other clues and noticed the journal he always clutched jealously, its plain cover bulging from numerous scraps stuffed between the pages. Today, it was left behind, opened wide on his desk. It was turned to a page with a single scribbled note in child’s handwriting that read, ‘Monday the first, 10 am. Meet me at the mountain top.’ The handwriting was his, but I couldn’t tell if the message was from him to me, or if it was from someone else and he had simply transcribed it. Either way, I was meant to find it; there was no mistaking that. The note didn’t specify which mountain, but I already knew it could only be the peak from my dreams -- that is where the boy had gone.

I looked at my watch; it was already after 10 am. *Is it too late? Am I really expected to go, or am I running away with my imagination? This is fucking insane. *I was trying to decide what to do when, suddenly; two cats jumped into the window and began meowing incessantly. I recognized them as neighborhood cats, one black, the other a mostly white calico. They were the type of cats to freeze then dart away as soon as they saw people, so I was puzzled to now see them here deliberately trying to get my attention. The desperateness of their cries startled me and out of  habit I immediately sought out Haverse for comfort. I wanted him to make sense of his kins’ behavior. The moment I exited the tree house, I was struck with a bolt of sheer panic -- the unnaturalness of what I saw terrified me. About 30 neighborhood cats were perched, in various spots, around Haverse’s usual napping spot all staring at me with tucked feet, tails twitching as if impatiently waiting for me to understand something that was all-too-obvious to them. I didn’t need to check the bike basket; I knew he wouldn’t be there.

The pair of cats from the window were now at my feet, and because of my state of shock, I didn’t flinch or respond when they said in panicked voices, ‘Where is he? We need to find him!’ With the series of the morning’s events, cats speaking in human tongue seemed almost natural at this point, yet the fact that they were betraying their ability to do so meant something serious was happening. Something in their world, just as in mine, had been upset and now they were all desperately seeking Haverse. Haverse certainly wasn’t their leader, cats just don’t work that way, but he had a differentness about him, something they knew was now needed. Not knowing what to do, I flopped down and began crying; my only friend was probably in danger and I was too scared to help him. I recalled the little cat and how, initially, I thought he had attached himself to me because he too was afraid, but now I was understanding that he wasn’t afraid at all. Haverse never left my side because he was protecting me. I knew that whatever had drawn the boy to the mountain had drawn Haverse too because of his desire to safeguard me. I sat amongst the cats for a few minutes, then without a word I stood up, walked inside my home and grabbed a backpack. I began stuffing it, with increasing speed, full of food and anything I thought would help me survive. I didn’t like that Haverse was potentially alone with the boy. My gut told me there was something dark behind his unusual character, but I didn’t yet know if he was the victim, or the mastermind. I didn’t know anything, but somehow this didn’t bother me. I wasn’t interested in being afraid anymore.

When I was done packing, I went into the boy’s tree house and grabbed the notebook. Its surprising heft weighed down the already bulging pack and I winced as the straps dug into my shoulders. I had no clue if it would be useful, but I had nothing else to go on. I climbed out of the tree house and for a silent moment stared out at the hazy mountain. Then with one sharp expletive, I started walking.
