+++
title = "The Adventures of Max Dank and Billy Willy"
issues = ["July 2016"]
authors = ["Zhenya Frolov"]
issues_weight = 18
+++

Hard glares from around the table. Admiral Vampire cleared his throat and spoke, “I ho’ap you conjure a favor’ble hand, bumboclot.” His steel helmet gleamed in the dim candlelight. His hands shook in anticipation… or was it fear? Admiral Vampire was known to be a bad gambler, but also as a legendary liar. Max Dank nursed his vape wand. The sticky-sweet smell of gnarly kush mixed well with the patchouli essential oil. It was most prodigious. The notorious stoner didn’t take Admiral vampire’s bait. He didn’t want the anger at the undead creature’s cultural appropriation to belie the bluff. Billy Willy had no such qualms. “Fuck off with that fake accent,” the cowboy assassin growled, his hackles appropriately raised. Billy Willy had tiger in his blood, you see. “You are a total… and I think I’m speaking for Oranguswag as well as myself, by the way. You are completely oblivious to how irritating that accent is.” Oranguswag flexed his big, hairy chest and threw a gang sign - one of the really bad ones. “See?” Billy Willy whispered.

Admiral Vampire teared up but Billy was nonplussed. It was a typical vampire tactic- cry until you gain sympathy from your unsuspecting enemies.   Fortunately, Hitler was not keen on vampire behavior. “Herr Vampire, please accept this napkin to dry the sadness from your gesicht.” The Father of the Shoah reached over the table with the napkin. As the beautiful cloth made it near Admiral Vampire, a Jack of Clubs fell out. Hitler looked horrified. “What is this treachery?” He whispered.  Admiral Vampire, Max Dank, and Billy Willy cackled. Oranguswag threw the oldest gang sign in the history books. “You’re fucking done, dipshit,” said Billy Willy. “Consider your diplomatic rights to be null and void, shit-stache.” Max Dank raised a double-barreled shotgun pistol from under the table.  “How is this possible? I would never cheat in the most honorable game of Poker!” Hitler stammered, but remained frozen- caught in a forcefield of fear. He didn’t have the time to activate his megahelmet and he knew it.  “He! Hee! He! Heee!” Admiral Vampire laughed like Count Chocula. “It was I, Admiral Vampire! I waited until you needed to release your bowels in the Porta Potty last night after the Teambuilding seminar. I slipped the card into your infamous Napkin of Pogrom!"

Hitler looked shaken, but slowly came to a realization and smiled. “But you fool! Only a Semitic Judge can revoke my license to live! And if any of your were a Jew, that would violate my conditions of play! And besides, if a Judge was here, she would have to act fairly. You admit that you had a hand in this cheat, blood-sucker!” Adoph Hitler laughed with vigour, which ebbed as he saw everyone else smiling. “Why are you so smug!?”

At that moment Moses burst through the wall of the cabin. He held his signature 12 Commandments™ and spoke in ancient Judge, “I, Moses of The Middle East, hereby sentence Adolph Hitler to a punishment of death for cheating the most sacred game, Texas Hold ‘em Poker. Because I was peeping through the slats of the cabin and had my Sony Walkman playing a Tears for Fears album, I didn’t hear anything, but...” Moses proceeded to wink at every person in the room. “But, I saw that you broke the holy rules of ‘no sharing cards.’”  Hitler howled in anger and, as his face was riddled with the shot from Max Dank’s weapon, turned into Hitler Steam. “You’ll see me again soon, cretins!”

Fin.
