+++
title = "The Story of Jizzus Christ"
issues = ["October 2016"]
authors = ["Zhenya Frolov"]
issues_weight = 10
+++

33 AD. You know the place. You know the time. Jizzus Christ was holding his boner with his hand. No. THROUGH his hand. “How are you gonna stop me from whipping your cock, boy, if you’ve got holes in your hands?” Tight fisted and equally tight mouthed Roth Bertstein shouted and pulled back his striking hand. Jizzus looked unfased. “Come on,” Roth Whispered. “Put on an act, whydon’t’cha.”

This was no command. It was a plea. Berstein loved Jizzus. He loved the Acts ;) and he LOVED Revealation ;) ;) ;) “Doth. Strike. Me. Now?” His lips flaked white shale- parched as a mummy. Jizzus was at the end of the road to his Assendance. Both Jizzus and Roth knew that the final act of penal decapitation had to be done. It was the only way to appease the Kings. Roth swung what would be his last swing as Erectile Decapitator. The Bertstein family was a proud one that would spread their ancestry throughout history as good and bad people. The significance of Roth’s life was lost on many that day, but he was one out of many that actually had something to do with the Second Cumming. Roth had a daughter named Betty. And she had a daughter named Brenda. Brenda had a couple kids. Betty and Raul. Both of those had kids: Eduard, Rachel, Osmosis Jones (LIKE THE TV SHOW HOLY SHIT DO YOU REMEMBER THAT. NO, REALLY: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Osmosis_Jones IT’S A THING THAT MANY SAW), Henry, Elliott, Edward, Horace. Henry died in the fires of Poland, but the others survived and had many sons and daughters. In order of age, descending, Alice, Andy, Horace, Karen, Sturm, Horace, Eduard, Henry, Bonito (he was not a good one, despite the name), Morpheus, Ingrid, Sally, Shalom (that’s where the Yiddish word came from actually. This guy), Orangutang, Horace, Andrew, Bromolotov, Shoehorn, Smith, Smoth, Smint, Horace (the popularity of this name was statistically significant), Elma, Rebecca, Samantha, Blarnarmblus (born via first Ceasarean section, unsuccessfully. Notable only due to the circumstance), Horndog, Saw, Boneripper, Truck, Parchment of Blood (later became a oneman band death metal band), Zaptos, Horace, Jerry, Jorry, Jury (guess where this word got used in today? You guessed it. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yahoo!), Emma, Horace, and Emily.
