+++
title = "The Indiscernible Boy, Part 1"
issues = ["June 2017"]
authors = ["Marcie Phillips"]
issues_weight = 4
+++

It’s unusual for a young boy to be so frequently alone, and yet my strange little neighbor always was. I didn’t really know his age; each time I asked he responded politely but dismissively suggesting he either didn’t want me to know or he was himself unsure. My best guess put him at around seven years old, though his unusual mannerisms made it impossible to say for sure. I looked out my bedroom window at him; at the moment he was squatting beneath a tree, one arm wrapped around his knees while the other prodded exploringly at the moist, leaf-littered earth with a stick. It’s in these moments that he seemed exactly his age, but other times he didn’t even seem human.

I visited him for a few hours most days and slowly came to know him, though his circumspection kept us from actually becoming friends. He was aloof but not disagreeable, and through our talks I found he was also unusually intelligent. At times it was frightening to see such piercing seriousness from a face so young, which made clear why he hadn’t any companions. Instead, he passed the hours in his ‘office,’ a small tree house built only about five feet from the ground. Inside, it was dim and warm with yellow light. The walls were coated with incomprehensible notes written on various scraps of whatever, all held in their places with nails and string and anything else. Indeed the room was atypical of most tree houses, but there was one exceptionally disturbing item I always regarded with a concerned grimace. On the wall was a perfect row of unused tampons, each hung on nails by their strings.  It shocked me: *what the hell was a boy doing playing with tampons?* During one of our visits, my curiosity became too much. "Why do you have tampons on the wall?," I asked. But the boy only stared blankly as if not understanding my question. I tried reformulating the question and mixing in a bit of reassurance, "I don't think it's anything to be ashamed of, I'm just wondering if it has any particular meaning." Still the same blank stare, devoid of even the slightest twitch of the mouth or brow that might betray confusion or annoyance. His inability to be read, or perhaps ability to conceal, was always unnerving. In all of our time together he never showed even a single biometric cue, not a single case of goosebumps, constriction of the pupils, or flushing of the cheeks. It’s like he lacked the basic animal brain in all of us. I refrained from making a third attempt, fearing he would shut me out if I pried too much. It had been so difficult to earn his relative trust in the first place. I eventually figured out that on the first of every month a new tampon would appear next to its predecessor. It seemed to be a calendar of sorts, as if he were marking off something, waiting for one of them to finally be different. It always reminded me of the Maori belief that human souls are made of menstrual blood and only when retained in the womb do they assume human form. Everything else in the room indicated he was studying something, I couldn’t tell what, but it was something very complex and dark, like an old mystery of another world. Whatever it was, I knew I couldn’t hope to understand it, but somehow felt doing so was inevitable. For now though, I was content just peeking into the deep world of this irregular boy.

I think I was so drawn to him because I saw my own unusual childhood in his. Though I never engaged in strange research, I did always find comfort in being alone. It wasn’t that I didn’t want to socialize... I just didn’t understand how to do it *right*. In one of my earlier, more painful memories, I'm in my preschool’s playground trying to engage a boy in an incipient form of scientific debate.

“You can’t touch the sky by swinging as high as you can,” I say. “If you go all the way, you’ll just do a circle. You’ll go right around the top and be where you started.”

Tiring of the conversation, or perhaps sensing defeat, the boy pushed me down and ran away to join the other children in their heated game of chase. Differing versions of this misinteraction plagued my youth, eventually any conversation that deviated from the basic exchange of pleasantries became an agonizing exercise in anxiety and self-loathing -- I avoided it as much as possible. To this day I have no human friends; my only companion is an orange tabby cat named Haverse. Since finding him as a runt-sized, rain-soaked kitten he has refused to leave my side and, truthfully, I don’t mind. Unlike me, Haverse seems to move through this world effortlessly despite his mysteriously black and completely useless right eye. To make our codependent life easier, I attached a large basket to my bike, which allowed him to ride safely inside. Even when not traveling, he was often found deeply snoozing in it, as if to ensure I didn’t leave without him and I never did. Haverse and I had created a mundane and predictable little life for ourselves, and that suited us just fine.
