+++
title = "There Might Be Blood or How I Learned To Stop Worrying And Love The Portal Bomb"
issues = ["January 2016"]
authors = ["Auðunn Axel Ólafsson"]
issues_weight = 16
+++

"Now! There are two things to remember when you teleport. These are," the petite commander bellowed and paused. The squadron barked, "No touching! Keep moving!" back in crashing harmony. "Great," the commander walked down the rank, eyeing each soldier. "So you do understand," she stopped and continued, "and yet," she turned to face Pillows, "the portal is dead. EXPLAIN THIS INSTANT!" "Sir, yes, sir! You see, well, we were there, Johnny, Carl, Paul and Windsor and others and me and well I guess one of us got distracted with the like boxes and I guess must have slipped and banged one of them against the frame, I guess!"

The commander shot Pillows. "Fuck!" Pillows covered his shoulder and started running to the Doc for treatment of his newly sustained wounds. "I did not give you permission to leave, marine!" Pillows stopped, contemplating for a second the extreme pain on his shoulder, weighing it against a general discharge, maybe a dishonorable one if he was blamed for that portal shit which wasn't even his fault at all. "Goddammit," Pillows mumbled. "What did you just say? Marine, look me in the fucking eye and repeat that," the commander screamed. "Sir, I said 'Goddammit', sir! I apologize, sir!"

This was the first time since the portal shut down that the commander seemed to calm down. "Your apology is accepted," she calmly said with a hint of a smirk. "Squad, attention! Fall out!" she barked. "This live training is the worst performance I have seen in years! Understand, people, that we will now have to survive the harsh Martian winter until another portal can be brought down here to save our asses. Dismissed!"

The harsh Martian winter would be mostly endured inside the cozy Martian base camp extension of Camp Pendleton. Although this mishap did cut supplies, there wasn't anything to worry about except keeping morale. And Commander Phillips had just shot Pillows in frustration. She figured the first course of action would be to report the incident. And the portal business, as if Base hadn't already noticed the large, glowing, humming and metallic hoop was now only a large and metallic hoop.

Phillips contemplated the stupidity of sending an undisciplined squad to be among the first to prepare settlements on Mars. She further contemplated her own stupidity in suggesting the squad was fit for this type of training. She continued contemplating along the same lines for the remainder of the day, even once expressing how stupid the whole situation was while Enrique, her subordinate, was down on her. It sort of killed the mood for him, as he was the cause of them being trapped in the cozy military space base, so he tried his very best. It was the worst head she had ever received. Morale did not recover for the remainder of the training mission.

To be clear, they were not the first on Mars. NASA had the honor. When Mr. Krinal had-with a little help-made his invention public, the very first people on the scene were Las Vegas Tribune readers. Their repeated telephone calls to many officials did not garner official interest. It was not until an employee of SpaceX, a small aerospace manufacturer and space transportation services company based in California, would read a forum exchange and investigated during his annual spring vacation in Las Vegas. Following the investigation which involved a $20 ride through "The Amazing Portal" in a basement in the suburbs and a polite chat with the inventor, the employee set events in motion which would culminate, for now, in the settlement of Mars.

In order, he informed his boss, his brother, Elon Musk's new secretary, CEO of SpaceX, a customer service representative at NASA, a public contact point at DARPA and upon returning to his hotel, a gorgeous Ukrainian escort. NASA was the first to respond. Then DARPA, after hearing about NASA's new project, responded. SpaceX and a number of private companies also chimed in. NASA and DARPA made their case before the President. He responded by ripping DARPA in two, creating DATA, which stands for "Defense Advanced Teleporter Agency". NASA, now feeling left out, accused DARPA of spying on them to get the technology. DARPA reminded everyone that all information was public until NASA appropriated the research without a FTF with neither DARPA nor even Trump himself. NASA said they were about to but DARPA ruined everything. DARPA asked how. OMG NASA was like, so annoyed with DARPA right now, like, excuse me? Hello? You think this would be hid from POTUS forever? DARPA told NASA how much BS that story was and FYI NASA should be thankful DARPA didn't FU their shit, after all they'd done for them. A PO POTUS cut NASA and DARPA's quarrel short with a loud plea for all of them to STFU.

"Listen Mr. Bolden, I am a busy man, but I am reasonable, so what the hell is it you want?" "The teleporter, sir." "You can't have it." NASA whispered amongst themselves. "Would you accept giving us access to the teleporter?" "Well, what for?" "Experiments, sir. On Mars, for example." "I'm sure the fine people at DARPA can figure those out." Dr. Prabhakar leaned in, "Actually, Mr. Sanders, if I may explain how we think NASA fits into the picture." President Clinton scowled at her for contravening her decision, but gave a diplomatic, "Go ahead." Prabhakar explained that DARPA did not posses the technology required to fly a portal to Mars. NASA's Atlas V rockets were the only vehicles readily available. Prabhakar winked at Bolden. NASA felt grateful and ashamed.

Seven months later, NASA would land the first portal successfully on Mars and a well-trained astronaut would step through, her first words on the alien world, "Wow, amazing."
