+++
title = "Марсианская Временная Шлюха"
issues = ["May 2016"]
authors = ["Auðunn Axel Ólafsson"]
issues_weight = 22
+++

"Mr. Russell," towering Martian purred approvingly with royal Martian accent. "Who the hell?" Mr. Russell mumbled sleepily as he sat up to look at feminine form that appeared in his black cell. "Listen to me very carefully, Mr. Russell, because I will only tell you this once," she said and cleared her throat. "Who the hell are you?" Mr. Russell asked.

"Please don't interrupt me, Mr. Russell. I have speech prepared and you must listen. It is very important that you understand," she enunciated carefully. "Guards!" Mr. Russell yelled. "Don't you call to guards," Martian commanded stern, "I am not here to harm you, душка. I have simple message for you. Now listen because I will only tell you once," she paused on hearing guard shuffling through corridor. "You idiot!" she yelled and disappeared.

Slot on cell door opened with loud squeak. "What's the matter, killer? Insects bothering you?" guard humorously incorrectly guessed. "It's nothing." "It's nothing? You call me for nothing?" Guard threw door open. "I'll show you nothing, fucker," he said and beat Mr. Russell to clinical braindeath. Guard would later become ward of prison.

Meanwhile on Mars in far future, at Ms. Romanovna's terem, she was planning next appointment. It should go better next time. When did dictators of past become pussies, she wondered. She did not account for fact that his dictatorship was in his future, after many years of activity in political fringe. She had, albeit mistakenly, erased his destiny to build torturous hegemony of Arctic Empire. This was ok for her. It was annoying, but changed nothing.

She knew all how intervention of time worked. She could commit to all actions she wished but actions that lead to actions not becoming committed anymore did not get committed by her by virtue of them not having had become able to even be committed. So she could only perform actions that would be performed. Questions of free will? She did not consider it any more challenge to free will as any normal physical restraint to human actions.

It was strange for her to learn new nations where Arctic Empire was. How funny that Norway was still country all years. She found new dictators she could vie to perform her great plan. If she would only find competent one, and make him understand her intent. Then she could be ruler of emerging Solar Empire. If she could find right way to make them bring Earth under her rule, then she can rule for rest of her natural life, and for Empire's eternity.

It wasn't difficult to convince them. She was after all sexy Martian royal from future. It was easy to direct her lovers in manner fortuitous to their pursuit. But it was harder to make lineage keep their rule. Over time, somehow, their power slipped despite best efforts. She had been trying plan for two years on hundreds of dictators and last appointment with her new mark wasn't promising. Maybe it meant nothing. She was still disappointed. She had looked forward to making handsome Premier of Arctic her bitch.

Ms. Romanovna considered 20th century finally. It was far back in time, most likely too far to have lasting power. Very few people had lasting power during 20th century. She would have to wheel and deal for ages and yet her power was unlikely to survive infancy of new paradigm. There were too many new factors. Too noisy environment. But she had tried everyone else. Her empires all fell. Of course there were always more, but maybe they all had fatal flaw.

Dilemma presented. Could she make lasting empire from so early time? Did she even want relations with barbaric early days of civilization? Maybe she needed relations with true brutes. And if this failed, it's not problem, week lost at most. After deliberation she decided it would be good experiment. She would entice ambitious Mr. Hitler.
